hello friends and welcome to this
new blog video the best if
any sportsman in your life that I do
here live from montelimar where i'm going
to run tomorrow the corima drome oise
Provencal the first race of the
season for me to test myself for the
famous challenge seems to be letting go then
today I answer a question
that I'm asked often it's finally
why work the force for the
cyclists and for endurance sports
strength and care concern bodybuilding
at bodybuilding and that's why so
why develop the strength for
cyclists
so for that there are three reasons the
first is that the force is a
component of power forces the
force times the velocity equals the
power
it's a mathematical formula and the
power it is clearly related to the
speed you get the more you are
more and more you can go faster than
whether on the flat or in cotton side
did not talk about the power weight ratio
but it's always related to your
power so how to develop this
low power either by increasing the
velocity but velocity on a run
from three to four five hours she goes fast
be limited to 80 85 90 maybe 100
rpm for a pro but that's
quickly limited while the force
it's a variable that you can do
gradually increase in steps
also today you lift 100 kg
at the squat for example you can raised
120 kg 102 what kg 110 kg 120 kg 120 kg
it's 20% more strength and the same
velocity
it's almost 20% power in
more imagine almost go important
the faster it is not negligible
okay so we see very quickly that the
potential for progression for strength
is still more important even if the
vinosity for reasons we already have
evoked in the best cyclosportive 1
for the oxygenation of the muscles the
longevity the pedaling frequency which
allows you to skip the neutral and
his lands but velocity is a
important point the strength
it is a point of development
almost with the biggest potential
the second point
is that even if the bike is a sport
endurance
well it's clear that the more I'm going
develop my strength
the more I can go quickly
very simple examples if today I
am able
again to put 100 of which 100
kg of pressure on the pedal so that this
be so easy so in endurance I
will ride 100% but sheep at 50 60
% of my maximum
so let's make it simple at 50 kg if
I increase my maximum strength ie
of 100 hp able to go to 120
Ben my 50% of 120 password to 60
kg and so I increase the strength that I
put on the pedal so the power that
I will develop
ok so increase my maximum strength even
for a cyclist in endurance sports
is today in all sports
endurance running swimming
obviously cycling betrayed them all
world strengthens his muscles for a
general strengthening but also for
develop his power because more
I am strong and much more an effort to
50% good lets me go faster or
to get tired less agree if I
able to lift 120 kg like
publisher
when I'm going to make an effort
50 kg equivalent I really
the impression of being easy so I'm going
as fast as before but as I am
easy I spoke longer and then
the third reason that these
recent years the work of strength and
much developed in cyclists
with the first two I indicated and
well it's just that we have
discovered ways to develop the
strength developed sense of muscle without
to take muscle mass
yes you have heard of course we can
develop strength without getting fat even at
muscle level even though again
take lean mass mass
muscle that allows you to surpass yourself
it's less annoying than taking
fat mass
I think as a sports cyclo
amateurs who have activities next door
of family life responsibilities
professional
we all have a bit of fat that around ten
belly after quarantine or
otherwise okay and it happened
it's not interesting to take the
lean mass is less annoying but
it is true that we can say that if he
does a lot of bodybuilding things
who make me take the mass 30 of the
force I risk taking the mass
muscular but in fact no one can
increase strength strength endurance
agree and significantly and
132 muscle mass
that I will come back to it in more detail in
a next video is very
soon with, in particular,
very training methods
interesting but for you know that
Roughly take you take strength
what do you have work for
bodybuilding so with movements
specific
we have already talked about a better
cyclosportive of your life besides I
you just put below the link of
the article I had made two articles
I had done for the fifteen golden rule
to be successful in bodybuilding for
well training you bodybuilding is
things to consider
okay so it's clear that indoor
that you train in bodybuilding
she's gaining strength second means of
to gain strength
well it's doing workouts
on bike so this is like
things we've seen together but on
bike that with a pedaling frequency
weak enough put a little gear
matter the robber because it's about
the dish or who will not be the same
but the idea is to turn the legs
between 50 and 60 talent per minute
So I tah turned on the course you
are coming to turn your legs between
50 and 75 minutes putting in well the
pressure on the entire cycle of pedaling to
the descent as the ascent in the
thrust phase in front of traction and
trying to roll people well
win the upper body for no shake
okay again I'll come back
in details later and then there are
other methods that are today
who are extremely powerful
that is, they take us little
tired time - you muscle up your
organism and that yet allow
to obtain better results
here is so do not hesitate to do the
strength
during your recovery period actually
during all periods of you
work stamina is a great
complement a great exercise against
avoid working the force during
periods of you work the
split it's a double
solicitation of muscles that risk
to cause injuries that's but
again all this we'll see more
late precisely I wish you a
good evening i 'm telling you now to
all of you and see you soon for a
next video on the blog the best
Cyclosportive of your life